	3/29/24 Session 06

We take a long rest in the jail cell, Throughout the night people come in and out checking in on us.

Someone is dragged into the cell next to us and is unconscious.

Someone steals the man's boots, He has on toe rings, He has the [[House Delmont]] symbol on his chest

[[Brian]] heals the man for 1 with lay on hands, The man wakes up and is terrified. He does not seem to know where we are and asked if we are in a royal post. He does seem to be fine with that and starts asking about the riots outside and if the whole city was being attacked. Furthermore, he thought he would be safer if he could get up into the city, we let him know that would not be possible as they have shut down the [[Gate]]'s. He then came up with a way to get us out of the cells and there is only a slim chance of us escaping

[[Michael]] Wakes up in the servant quarters after his ship crashed, and he was flung into the [[Gate]], The other servants are hiding him and asking questions about what happened on top of the castle

We lock picked the cell doors and are helping the other guy out as we try, the lock is changing as we attempt to lock pick. We get him out, and he starts to lead us out to the green carpet in the center of the main room. As we get there, an alarm goes off and the doors bust open as he says something in primordial ''Arise" to activate this flying carpet. We have to shove everything in the bag of holding, including [[Joe]] to make the weight limit. We shoot out the door and hit [[Michael]] as he falls onto the carpet as we escape to the top of the castle. The city seems to still be on fire out towards the slums and there are still damaged ships floating around and smoke billowing out of them, there is also a large caravan of people leaving the city in droves. As we go up toward the castle, we have to switch [[Joe]] with [[Michael]] and fall 500 ft. in the process. We land on a terrace that serves as a service entrance for the servants. As we get over the top and look at the palace, the damage that was done to the building has been repaired. [[Magister]] is out talking to a group of Djinn, he calms them down as we fly towards the palace gates. When the gates open, there is a small white dragon coming out and says the palace is in order. As we get there, the Guy from the cell talks to [[Magister]] asking who he is to be talking to the leaders of commerce. [[Magister]] explains that he is the new ruler of this palace and that the previous princes were working with Fiends. The whereabouts of the true prince that the rakshasa was impersonating is that he is missing and might on the plane of hell. He asks where [[Delmon]] is maridgian and is currently safe and hiding. The "Dragon" produces a scroll and hands it to the Guy from the cell. The guy from the cell is trying to leave with the magic rug, we attempt to keep it and the [[Magister]] says there is a teleportation circle to get out of here directly to [[Delmon]], the Teleportation on [[Delmon]]'s side is booby trapped so he will be taking the carpet. The [[Magister]] starts talking about how he got the palace in order and found more things related to demons, as well as a portal to the lower planes through a mirror. Council members of the houses of the bazaar. They are planning to confiscate all the magic items in the bazaar for the coming war. They are trying to get more houses into this plan but will face some push back. [[Magister]] took everything from the princes and found a demon's box that might hold the contracts for the princes, he takes us to the boxes so we may take a look. Before we go, he tells the council to hire more guards and to try and stop the mass hoard of people from leaving, as they may die from creatures out in the desert. We get to the box, and it has carvings on it that appear to be celestial backwards "by blood by fire by will's desire" and there seems to be no seems for it to open. [[Brian]] puts blood on it, and it seems to unlock some then lights it on fire and some more locks come undone then and fails to infuse will into it and is knocked down. [[Joe]] gives it a try as well and is knocked down as well. [[Vesyl]] tried and almost went down. [[Jackson]] tried as well and was downed, healed him to 8. He then took the box and tried to push what he truly desired was his family was safe and prosper. The box then proceeded to open, [[Magister]] Opens the box and looks inside and finds what might be a contract for the demons. [[Brian]] opens the contracts and one of them whispers as it opens, and it's written in infernal using blood. The blood appears to be dragons blood with diamond dust in it. The contract reads as a pact almost like a trade, It's for numerous people in the thousands to be physically traded to the layers of hell. It has 2 names on this contract, General [[Buer]] and [[naranjeeb]]. [[Brian]] finds another thing that whispers as it opens and has [[naranjeeb]] and [[Ysera]]. Using the Faywild as a middle point of the trip between hell. Faywild was attacked by a army of demons and [[Ysera]] name was crossed out. There are also a few minor contracts, and a few are with the Djinn. [[Magister]] just meet with one of these Djinns not too long ago and realizes that they will need to do something about this. He points out that there is a mirror with some words on the back that leads to one of the levels of hell and that if you read it, it will take you there.